Ref docs for Projections (#2256)
lagom/lagom: docs/manual/java/guide/cluster/Projections.md

To request and modify the status of your projections inject a `Projections` instance in, for example, your `XyzServiceImpl` and use the provided methods.

```java
    @Inject
    public UsersServiceImpl(Projections projections) {
      projections.stopAllWorkers(UsersByNameProcessor.NAME);
    }
```

The _requested status_ is a volatile, in-memory value but it is replicated across your cluster. Only when the whole cluster is restarted you may have to request a particular status again. Also, because of the replicated nature, the _requested status_ may be overwriten by multiple nodes on your cluster at the same time. The implementation is such that [last writer wins](https://doc.akka.io/docs/akka/current/distributed-data.html#data-types).

When a new instance of a projection worker is created the rules to decide its status are:

> * if there's worker requested status, use it; if not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* if worker's requested status is known, use it; if not
```

* use the default value in `application.conf`

> Because the _requested status_ is a distributed, in-memory value, there is an edge case you will have to consider when you need a worker to be stopped. When starting a new node and having that node join a n existing cluster, it is possible that some workers are spawned in the node before the _requested status_ value is received from the peer nodes. In that case, the default `lagom.projection.auto-start.enabled` will be used to decide if the spanwed worker should be stopped or started. If your default is `enabled = true` but the in-memory, replicated value is `Stopped` then there's a race condition and you could observe your worker _start-and-then-stop_. To prevent the  _start-and-then-stop_ behavior, opt out of `lagom.projection.auto-start.enabled = true` and always handle worker startup using the methods `startAllWorkers`/`startWorker` on the `Projections`AP.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Because the _requested status_ is a distributed, in-memory value, there is an edge case you will have to consider when you need a worker to be stopped. When starting a new node and having that node join an existing cluster, it is possible that some workers are spawned in the node before the _requested status_ value is received from the peer nodes. In that case, the default `lagom.projection.auto-start.enabled` will be used to decide if the spawned worker should be stopped or started. If your default is `enabled = true` but the in-memory, replicated value is `Stopped` then there's a race condition and you could observe your worker _start-and-then-stop_. To prevent the  _start-and-then-stop_ behavior, opt-out of `lagom.projection.auto-start.enabled = true` and always handle worker startup using the methods `startAllWorkers`/`startWorker` on the `Projections` API.
```
